content/about.md, before:

+++
title = ''
date = 2022-12-08T07:36:59-08:00
draft = false
layout = 'simple'
+++

## 👋 Hello!  
I'm Dylan, an IT Security professional with 10 years of experience and a passion about safeguarding the cloud and diving deep into the evolving landscape of information security.

---

## 🌟 Quick Facts  
- **📍 Location:** USA 
- **💼 Occupation:** IT Security Specialist (IAM & DEaTH) 
- **🎓 Education:** Self-taught
- **🍄 Interests:** Family, getting lost in nature, and learning
- **🌱 Currently Learning:** Azure Automation  

---

## 🌟 Expertise & Focus  
Here are some of my top skills:  
- KQL (MS Defender XDR)  
- Defender Suite Management (MDE, MDCA, MDI, MDO)
- Conditional Access Policies  
- Azure Automation (Logic Apps, Azure runbooks, Azure Functions)
- User Lifecycle Management
- SSO Configuration & User Provisioning
---

## 🌐 Online Presence  
Find me online:  
- **Portfolio:** [AttacktheSOC - Blog](https://attackthesoc.com)
- **LinkedIn:** [Dylan Tenebruso](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylten6/)
- **GitHub:** [AttacktheSOC](https://github.com/AttacktheSOC)  
- **Twitter:** [@DylanInfosec](https://twitter.com/DylanInfosec)

---

## 🎯 Hobbies  
When I’m not working, you can find me:  
- Learning Guitar (Death Metal)
- Wood Carving  
- Writing short stories

---

## 📫 Get in Touch  
I’d love to hear from you! Feel free to reach out via:  
- **Email:** [dylan@attackthesoc.com](mailto:dylan@attackthesoc.com)

---


*"The only thing in our control is our own thoughts."* - Epictetus  

Thanks for visiting my page! 😊

Commit message:

edited AboutMe and added a Community menu

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = ''
date = 2022-12-08T07:36:59-08:00
draft = false
layout = 'simple'
+++

## 👋 Hello!  
I'm Dylan, an Information Security professional with 10 years of experience and a proven track record of aligning security architecture with business goals. Skilled in designing, implementing, and managing advanced security solutions in Azure-based environments with a focus on Entra ID, Microsoft Defender XDR, and Azure Automation. Passionate about cultivating a culture of community-driven collaboration, promoting detection-in-depth and teaching others the lessons I learned the hard way.

---

## 🌟 Quick Facts  
- **📍 Location:** USA
- **💼 Occupation:** IT Security Specialist (IAM & DEaTH)
- **🎓 Education:** Self-taught
- **🍄 Interests:** Family, getting lost in nature, and learning
- **🌱 Currently Learning:** Azure Automation

---

## 🌟 Expertise & Focus  
Here are some of my top skills:  
- KQL (MS Defender XDR)  
- Defender Suite Management (MDE, MDCA, MDI, MDO)
- Conditional Access Policies  
- Azure Automation (Logic Apps, Azure runbooks, Azure Functions)
- User Lifecycle Management
- SSO Configuration & User Provisioning
---

## 🌐 Online Presence  
Find me online:  
- **Portfolio:** [AttacktheSOC - Blog](https://attackthesoc.com)
- **LinkedIn:** [Dylan Tenebruso](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylten6/)
- **GitHub:** [AttacktheSOC](https://github.com/AttacktheSOC)  
- **Twitter:** [@DylanInfosec](https://twitter.com/DylanInfosec)
- **TechCommunity:** [DylanInfosec](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/users/dylaninfosec/2394710)

---

## 🎯 Hobbies  
When I’m not working, you can find me:  
- Learning Guitar (Death Metal)
- Wood Carving  
- Writing short stories
- Meditating

---

## 📫 Get in Touch  
I'd love to hear from you! Feel free to reach out via:  
- **Email:** [dylan@attackthesoc.com](mailto:dylan@attackthesoc.com)

---


*"The only thing in our control is our own thoughts."* - Epictetus  

Thanks for visiting my page! 😊
